securityhub_standards_control: improve docs for control ARNs (#31795)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/securityhub_standards_control.markdown

The following arguments are supported:

> * `standards_control_arn` - (Required) The standards control ARN. See the AWS tool documentation for how to list existing controls, https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/securityhub/get-enabled-standards.html and https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/securityhub/describe-standards-controls.html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `standards_control_arn` - (Required) The standards control ARN. See the AWS documentation for how to list existing controls using [`get-enabled-standards`](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/securityhub/get-enabled-standards.html) and [`describe-standards-controls`](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/securityhub/describe-standards-controls.html).
```
